Added DynamoDB.7 (#305)
hashicorp/policy-library-fsbp-policy-set-for-aws-terraform: docs/policies/dynamo-db-accelerator-clusters-encryption-in-transit-enabled.md

#  Amazon Dynamo DB accelerator clusters should have encryption in transit enabled

| Provider            |       Category      |
| ------------------- |  -----------------  |
| Amazon Web Services |   Data Protection   |

## Description

> This control checks whether a DAX cluster has encryption in transit enabled.

Reviewer: Thank you for submitting the policy, can you please just make this particular change to the policy description rest everything looks fine for me
```suggestion
This control checks whether an Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster is encrypted in transit, with the endpoint encryption type set to TLS. The control fails if the DAX cluster isn't encrypted in transit.
```
